

0. Purpose
- [1-1 FEFLOW 10.0 Documentation 2025](https://download.feflow.com/html/help100/feflow/02_News/news.html)
- [2-0 MIKE Zero 2025 Documentation Index](https://manuals.mikepoweredbydhi.help/2025/MIKE_Zero.htm)
- [3-0 MIKE+ 2025 Documentation Index](https://manuals.mikepoweredbydhi.help/2025/MIKEPlus.htm)
- [4-2 DHI License Management Documentation](https://manuals.mikepoweredbydhi.help/latest/DHI_License_Manager.htm)


1. DHI Res1d extraction tools 2019

    1.1 description	
    The Res1d extraction tools are MIKE Powered by DHI Custom User Tools developed for the purpose of exporting results information to text files or time series, from a *.res1d result file from a MIKE+ Rivers or MIKE+ CS or MIKE+ Coupled model (also MIKE HYDRO River, MIKE URBAN or eventually a MIKE 11 simulation).

    The tools were initially developed for MIKE Powered by DHI version 2019, however, it has also been applied in newer versions.

    Two different tools are provided with their source codes, each offering different functionalities and written in a different programming language.

    - Res1D2txt (c#): saves values in a text file for each calculation point along all river branches from a given .res1d file. 
    Note: A compiled version of this tool is included in the zip file (this works with later releases)

    - TimeSeriesResultDataExtract (python): saves time series from one or more points in a *.dfs0, *.csv or *.txt file. 
    The provided *.py file also users to edit the code and run the tool.


    Note that by using MIKE Core SDK (downloadable from https://support.dhigroup.com/download/), it is also possible to read and write other MIKE file formats from the codes, enabling users to automate much more tasks.

    1.2 Installation Instructions

    This file contains the source code for two tools, a compiled version of the tool Res1d2txt and an Installation and User Guide for the two tools.

    To install download and unzip file.

2. CheckMesh tool 2024

	2.1 description	
	The CheckMesh tool is a MIKE Powered by DHI custom user tool, that can be executed from a DOS prompt. The tool is developed for the purpose of checking the validity of a mesh file when issues are encountered during the simulation. 
	The tool checks for duplicate nodes and elements, nodes not belonging to elements, the element node order and code values=0 at boundaries. When finding irregularities the program lists the error and the associated node/element number on the console.

	The tool requires two input parameters: the name of the mesh file and a runtime parameter that controls how much is written to the console. A runtime parameter value above 0 adds additional output lines to the console showing the progress of the analysis. - This can be a useful option when analyzing large meshes.

	Examples: 
	To check the file MyDomain.mesh for validity and follow the progress on the console use the following command:
		CheckMesh.exe MyDomain.mesh 1

	To check the file MyDomain.mesh for validity and save the output lines from the console to a text file use the following command:
		CheckMesh.exe MyDomain.mesh 0  > output.txt

	This version is developed for MIKE Powered by DHI release 2024.

	Note that the tool is provided ‘as is’ and is not part of the commercially distributed MIKE Powered by DHI software products. As such it is not a supported software product and technical support is not available.

	2.2 Installation Instructions

	Download and unzip file

3. CheckMDFforAdjacentPoints tool 2024

	3.1 description	
	The CheckMDFforAdjacentPoints.exe file is a custom user tool, that can be executed from a DOS prompt. The tool is developed for the purpose of checking the distance between points, defined in a mdf file, that is used for creating a mesh. The tool can also be used for analyzing (and locating) the smallest element faces that will be generated by default.

	The tool requires three input parameters: the name of the mdf-file, a maximum distance and an output text file. The maximum distance specifies the limit by which two points are considered to be adjacent. By using 0.0 only the duplicate points are found. (The distance unit is the same as used in the mdf-file). The output txt file contains information about the discovered adjacent or duplicate points.

	Example: 
	To check the file MyDomain.mdf for points located closer than 0.1m and save the result from the analysis in the file check_01.txt use the following command:
	     CheckMDFforAdjacentPoints.exe MyDomain.mdf 0.1 check_01.txt

	This version of the tool is developed for MIKE Powered by DHI Release 2024.

	Note that the tool is provided ‘as is’ and is not part of the commercially distributed MIKE Powered by DHI software products. As such it is not a supported software product and technical support is not available.

	
	3.2 Installation Instructions
	Download and unzip file

4. Shape2MIKE tool 2024

	4.1 description	
	The Shape2MIKE Tool is a MIKE Powered by DHI custom user tool. It is developed for the purpose of automating the process of using shape files to adjust topography or other values in dfs2 files used in MIKE models. The intended application of the tool is to use a polygon shape file of buildings to automatically assign land values to the dfs2 grid cells, which are intersecting the building polygons. It can also be used to ‘burn’ roadways and other features into the dfs2 topography and to map the attribute value of a polygon to the underlying grid cells. The file includes installation instructions and user guide.

	This version is developed for MIKE Powered by DHI release 2024.
	
	4.2 Installation Instructions
	Download and unzip file

5. WGEO

	5.1 description	
	EN: Georeferencing, Geoimaging & Transformation

	DE: Georeferenzierung, Geoimaging & Transformation
	
	5.2 Installation Instructions
	Download and run to unzip and install

6. WBalMo 4.1

	6.1 description	
	WBalMo is an interactive simulation software for management and framework planning of river basins.

	WBalMo is used to simulate management strategies in river basins and shows the effects of alternative courses of action for decision support. The implementation of the desired water management objectives can be evaluated under the influence of a large number of possible supply, utilisation and management options.
	6.2 Installation Instructions
	Contact Michael Kaltofen (kal@dhigroup.com) for installation instructions.

7. Global Tide Model for Heights

	7.1 description	
	MIKE 21 Global Tide model - data for tidal prediction of water levels. An improved version of the Global Tide Model is available in 0.125º x 0.125º resolution. The model is updated with additional 4 years of radar satellite measurement and 2 additional constituents has been added providing better predictions of water levels in shallow water. The updated model includes the following 10 constituents: Semidiurnal: M2, S2, K2, N2 - Diurnal: S1, K1, O1, P1, Q1 - Shallow water: M4.

	The data can conveniently be copied to the default folder for tidal constituents (e.g. C:\Program Files (x86)\DHI\MIKE Zero\2024\Application Data\Tide Constituents). The Global Tide Model is developed by DTU Space. 
	
	7.2 Installation Instructions
	Download and unzip file

8. AUTOCAD DXF FILES TO XYZ FILES APPLICABLE IN MIKE ZERO

	8.1 description	
	Tool for conversion of AutoCAD dxf files to xyz files applicable in MIKE Zero
	
	8.2 Installation Instructions
	Download and unzip files

9. Global Tide Model for Heights

	9.1 description	
	
	9.2 Installation Instructions

10. Global Tide Model for Heights

	10.1 description	
	
	10.2 Installation Instructions


11. Global Tide Model for Heights

	11.1 description	
	
	11.2 Installation Instructions


## Installation (Linux)

- Clone Repository

    ```shell
    git clone https://github.com/crimson1023/dhi_scraping-python.git
    ```

- Virtual environment

    ```shell
    python -m venv .venv
    source ./venv/bin/activate
    ```

- PIP installation

    ```shell
    sudo apt update && sudo apt install python3-pip
    ```

- Install dependencies

    ```shell
    pip install requests
    pip install bs4
    ```

- Run the code after changing the URL

    ```shell
    python main.py
    ```

